[Music]
Postum presents Henry, Henry Olgrich, come here mother!
The Olgrich family written by Clifford Goldsmith.
Entertainment for All the Family brought to you by Postum,
attempting wholesome drink for All the Family.
Post them.
[MUSIC]
Good evening.
This is Dan Seymour, extending a hearty welcome on behalf of Post them.
As you drew up your chairs to listen to the Oldrich family tonight,
you probably never gave a thought to the many other people doing the same thing.
But there are millions of them, and they fall into all classes, rich and poor, old and young, men and women.
Because it doesn't take any specialized group to appreciate the Aldrich family,
any more than it takes a specialized group to appreciate Postam.
Anybody who likes a good, lusty drink, a mealtime drink with real authority in it, can't help but enjoy Postam.
Anybody who likes a distinctive drink will enjoy Postam.
because post-dom has a very special goodness,
a delicious flavor that stands right out
because it's all post-doms and only post-doms.
So when you want a mealtime drink that's sure pleasure,
be sure to choose post-dom.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[Music]
Next to actually being young again, there's no better way to recapture that feeling than to know a teenage boy like Henry Aldrich.
For he acts just like you used to when you were that age and so his troubles become your fun
The scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table
And he's let it for you Sam and another for you thank you Alice Henry is one for you for me mother for me
Alice has an advertisement from some summers odd glimmer lake really father
I certainly hope we aren't going away any places summer. I certainly are not and I agree with both of you
What do you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, she was a margin. Henry, what's the matter?
Nothing, Mother. I was just reading this letter.
Well, please eat your cereal.
Yes, sure, only.
Huh.
Father, without looking at any of the rest of the sweater, can you make out this word right here?
Why, um, that's fiendish.
Oh, yes, of course. I thought it was friendly.
Mother! Yes, Mary. Is there any mail for me this morning?
No, dear. Oh.
I mean, who's that letter from?
Boy, it's just...
Hardly anything.
Mary, will you please stop trying to read over my shoulder?
Every all I was doing was innocently looking to see whether you'd open one of my letters by mistake.
Well, I have 'em.
You don't even know who this was from.
Hi, Henry. Are you through with breakfast?
Homer, where did you come from?
Down since Candy Kitchen.
Hi, Mr. Aldrich. Want a piece of fudge?
What's that?
Go ahead. It has walnuts in it.
Homer, will you please take that bag from under my nose?
Oh, excuse me.
Homer, I could eat a little.
Henry, you will please eat your eggs.
Henry, have a little piece of fudge on the side, Mrs. Aldrich.
He may not. Oh, mother, can I speak with Homer confidentially out in the hole with second?
Do you haven't even started your breakfast? Mother, my egg is hot.
See, I mean, it's not cold enough for me to eat my...
I'd like to talk to Homer about this... about a certain matter, and will you be right back?
Yes, Mother, I'll be out of here in the hole for exactly two minutes and not one second longer.
What is it, Henry? Did your report card come?
Come on, look. It's a letter from a girl. Who is she?
That's a beautiful part of it. I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Well, I know she lives over an opportunity.
What about what she says?
"Dear Henry Orridge, I suppose you will think I am very bold, right?
You are boring, let her write this.
But I'm simply so bored, I can't help it."
"What? What's the matter with it?"
"I guess you know your friend Nancy Adams who was visiting here,
and yesterday she happened to show me her school yearbook,
and I said, "Who's that picture?"
And she said, "Why that's Henry Orridge?"
And I said, "It's such a boring day. I'm going to write to him."
And she said, "All right, I dare you."
And I said, "All right."
And here I am.
What's that?
Although I'm probably no lady for doing it.
- Can we let's see that? - Homer, will you please take your hands off it?
All I want to do is read it.
In the first place, Homer, some of it is confidential.
- Read me some more. Read me some more.
- Um, she says, "You should certainly be glad, Henry.
You don't live in this boring place.
It's friendly. I mean, fiendish.
I can hardly wait until summer comes.
and we go to beautiful Lake Pass-Patou
when there is something doing every minute.
Where are you gonna be this summer?
- Henry! - Yes, mother!
- Can you come back and eat your egg, please?
- Yes, mother!
- And tell Homer to wait out there!
- Hey, Henry, could I be leading the rest of this?
She was Homer, what do you think this is?
Just public property.
- Henry!
- I'm coming right now, mother!
And, good boy, mother!
Don't you think what father said a little while ago
was a good idea?
What he said about what, Henry?
How long ago in the way this summer?
- When did I say we were going away?
I thought you said...
Oh, Chief Arthur, don't you think this place is darn boring in the summer?
Boring? I thought you liked it here.
Mother, it's fiendish.
It's what? Fiendish!
In the summer.
I think we ought to go to Wake Pass but two.
Lake Pass but two, I never heard of it.
Henry.
Or at a Homer.
Are you sure you don't have anything I could be looking at?
No.
Now, Henry Homer is your guest. You go find him a magazine.
Yes, Mother, I'll get it for him right away.
And mother at Lake Pass Batu, there's something doing practically every minute.
Well, there's nothing wrong with our home right here.
Hey Henry, let me see just one more page of it.
Okay, Homer, if you promise not to handle it.
Where were we? At Lake Pass Batu.
Oh yeah!
Oh, here's a good part. Boy, this is good.
It is raining out. It has been all day.
In fact, it's been raining most of this week.
Is it raining in Centerville?
Isn't it fiendish?
If there's one thing I find boring,
It's a sit indoors all day with nothing to do when it's raining.
That's very interesting.
Henry, Kathleen Anderson, watch you on the telephone.
Call me, Mary.
Oh, well, Joe, I can't talk with her.
I'm very busy right now.
Don't worry, Henry. Why do you keep stopping?
Why? She goes on and says,
"Naturally, I am anxious to hear all about yourself."
As Nancy tells me, you are very interesting.
Will you please promise to write?
Please, oh, please, oh, please.
Oh, boy.
I hope I have not bored you.
Has ever...
Has ever earned...
Didn't she sign it?
Yes, but...
Homer, can you make that first name out?
Let's see.
I can figure out the last name, okay?
You can?
Yeah.
Good water.
Good water?
That's what it looks like to me.
Homer, there are two o's in there.
Could it be drop water?
Well...
I see what that middle letter is in the first name.
It's T.
Gee.
Could it be Walter?
Walter?
Walter, drop water.
Why would a girl have that name?
Okay, did you see what it is? It's just as clear as day. It's murder.
Oh. Oh.
Murder-top water.
Henry, tell me frankly, do you think you want to write to her?
Why not?
Just because...
And besides Homer, that isn't an "O" in the West. Name it's an "I."
Oh, why? It's drip water.
Thrift. Sure, not drop.
No wonder you had the wrong impression of her.
Thrift.
Henry?
Yes, mother.
go after the kitchen get your father drink of water drink of water
I think why it's my little drink water
is that a beautiful name
I don't like to bother you but I do have something I like to talk over with you
yes what's the trouble well it's about Henry he's been so upset ever since he
got another letter this morning and about a half an hour ago he asked whether I
didn't think he should have his allowance in cream.
Mother! Yes, Mary. Did you know Henry got another letter this morning?
Yes, dear. We know all about it. Mary, turn around.
What's for?
Dear, I think you ought to go down to the headdresser.
Mother, aren't you interested? That letter was from some loan company.
Mary, what's that?
Where did you say it was for Mary?
A loan company in Abbott City. I saw it right up on top of the page.
And then he came to me and asked if he could borrow some money and he was all excited.
Yes. Father.
Sam, what do you suppose is the mother?
Can I see you along for it?
Oh, oh, hello, Mary.
Hello, Mother.
Hello.
This is nice, but we can be together.
We very seldom get together.
Henry.
Yes, Father?
What was it you came in here to say?
Right.
Well, I'll tell you, Father.
Oh, boy.
I'll answer the door.
I mean, that's probably from me.
Now, when it's a Mother, I think it's someone to see me.
I'm sort of a business arrangement.
Oh, Mother.
Hello, I tried to come in.
What's the idea?
What do I do?
I'm keeping your door locked.
How do you expect your friends to come in?
My father asked us to keep it locked every morning until he goes to the office.
Or something, Homer.
Have you got the 35 cents?
Yes, here.
Now, where's the letter?
Right here.
Hand it to me.
Oh, no.
I didn't say I'd let you read it.
I said I'd read it to you.
What did she say?
Don't push me, Homer.
She says, "My dear head."
Oh, boy.
I received your four-two page letter and it was a whiz.
Oh, why?
Never mind, Homer.
I hope you will excuse my using my father's business stationery, but my new paper, which
incidentally is a whiz, hasn't come yet.
You will ask me to describe myself, and I'll do the best I can.
Although there are some things I can say because you would think I was terribly conceited.
First of all, I am five feet nine.
Homer, could that be nine?
She wished him the only five feet eight.
Eight and a quarter, Homer.
Besides, that isn't a nine, it's a two, it's as clear as day.
Looks like a nine to me.
I am five feet two and have rather pleasing eyes, they say.
Although I do wish at times my eyelashes weren't quite so long because they are always somehow getting in my way.
What does she have to do, Com?
Homer, stop interrupting me.
As to the color of my eyes, I wish you were here to judge for yourself.
Some boys say they are gray. Some boys say they are green.
What's the U like?
You mean you can have your choice?
Oh, Homer, lots of things change color in different lights.
Where was I?
was I right here what color will you have oh yes as tonight here which is black I
have recently had done into a feather cut which is a whiz even if I do say so
yes mother are you busy wait I'm carrying out a little transaction you might say
with Homer when they speak with you right now mother listen Henry you haven't
finished reading I'll be back she was what do you offer 35 fans Henry yes mother
dear I just want you to know that if you really need money and would be willing
to tell your father what you need it for he might see his way clear to helping you
out mother I appreciate you're bringing it up but you've got so many things on
your mind I think it would be best I just didn't bother you mind if I make
it a point with a hairdresser someday this week no not at all
Henry Kathleen Anderson phoned you again she did she was I think Center for
Girls are just boring Henry yes Homer I'm coming
Marya you going to the hand dresser yes well why don't you get a feather cut
Boy, that time is a whiz.
A feather cut, Henry.
After I let my hair grow this long.
Henry.
I'm coming, Homer.
Where was I?
She just got in a shampoo or something.
You're crazy.
Here's where I stopped.
I think your idea of phoning me is a whiz.
And I'll certainly be thrilled when
I hear that old telephone ring.
Yours hastily murdered drink water.
Henry, is her name really drink water?
Why not?
Boy.
Do you think she could be part Indian?
Now what's in Homer?
What's that at the bottom of the page?
Well, she was. I hadn't seen that.
Huh.
Instead of your phone on me,
why don't I phone you?
If I never know where I'm going to be next.
So I'll call you on Friday between five and six.
You mean you don't need my money? We'll give it back to me.
No, all right. We'll not.
Suppose she calls me "collect."
Don't you think she expects me to be a gentleman?
Well, if I let you keep it, can I be here when she calls?
No, Homer.
Boy, just think.
Tomorrow I hear Myrtle's voice for the first time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Sam, have you thought anything more about our going away
this summer?
Alice, I thought we decided not to go.
Mother!
Yes, Henry?
What time of the now?
It's exactly 20, very suffice.
Thank you, Father.
Alice, if you'd like to take a cottage someplace
for a couple of weeks, I'm sure I have no objections.
Well, there's somebody.
I can't remember who it was.
said something about Lake Pazpatou being a nice place to go.
Lake Pazpatou?
Somebody mentioned it in the last couple of days and said it was wonderful.
Farmer!
Yes?
Are you sure your watch is right?
I'm positive.
Would you please tell me why you ask what time it is every 60 seconds?
No reason, Father.
I was just waiting for it to be five o'clock.
Henry, why do you have your new blue suit on?
Well, she wasn't-- I got that on.
This is the telephone, oh boy.
Henry, don't run.
She was-- what was that cheer there?
That's right.
I'm sorry, Father. I'll pick it up when I come back.
Father, just say we are. Please, I beg of you.
Henry, what's the matter with you?
Nothing, Mother, it's just a...
Hello, hello, I'm distance.
What's that?
Mother, is that you?
Get off the line, the phone just rang.
Sure, I'm calling you.
Has he found you?
No, Mother, will you please hang up?
Okay, and I'll be right over.
No, Mother, you're not to come over.
I don't want you even around here.
Aren't you gonna be talking to her on my 35 cents?
Mother, please, listen to the reason.
Look, if I'll tell you something,
She said in the letter this morning we have say where you are.
Is it any good?
Sure it is.
So I thought better than any telephone conversation would be.
Well, all right.
She says she wants me to come to a bow mass tomorrow night.
To a what?
To a bow mass.
That's a masquerade party over in Abbott City.
Henry, do you think it's safe?
What do you mean safe?
Are you going Henry?
Sure I'm going.
Henry.
Yes, mother.
Do you have to hang up right this minute?
I will.
Homer, my mother says I have to hang up and I guess she's right.
goodbye.
Henry.
She, mother, did you save my wife?
Dear, I want you to jump on your bicycle and go right down to the meat market.
And I'll write this in a minute.
But, mother, I'm expecting a very important...a very important woman of government appreciators
if we didn't have meat tonight.
We didn't have any last night or the night before.
Now, please start.
Well, couldn't Mary go.
Mary's down at the hairdressers.
And, Henry, if you can't help me out, I'll have to go and tell your father.
Yes, mother.
I'll go only again.
Then please get started.
The meat will be already for us.
Well, just as soon as I...
As I'm...
Hello.
Number three.
Operator, this is Henry Olbergev.
I'm expecting a very important call from Abbott City Museum.
When it comes, could you switch around to the butcher shop?
Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Olderge.
Just as Henry was expecting a long distance call from a girl he has never met,
He was suddenly and firmly sent to the meat market where the scene now opens.
Hey, Mr. Wilson. Mr. Wilson.
Hi there, Henry.
What are my mother's meat ready?
Here it is right here.
Oh boy, thanks. Has a telephone call come for me?
No, not since I've been on to it.
Jim, expecting an important call.
Oh boy, there she is right now.
You better let me answer it first.
Oh, we'll keep a tower right here, won't you?
Hello? Henry?
Here I am. Oh boy, I guess I got here just the right time, didn't I?
I was a phone distance.
It is not.
Henry...
Father, is that you? Something happened to her?
Something happened to whom?
Who's calling me?
I am.
As long as you're down in town, I want you to run over to the Haven's drugstore
and get some cigars for me.
No!
And hurry home. Goodbye.
Father, I...
Oh boy.
Mr. Wump's the one at long distance call comes for me.
Could you tell them they can catch me over the Haven's drugstore?
All right, on the way I couldn't.
What's the name of the party that's calling?
Her name is Myrtle Drink.
Why, she'll just ask for me.
Alice. Yes, Sam.
Did you call to Havens and leave that message?
Yes, I did. But was it you started to say about Lake Paz-Patou?
Only that I'd heard of someone downtown who owns a couple of cottages up there.
Well, that's fine, Sam, because I don't know whether it's just one of my pre-manitions or not,
but it seems to me if we could get Henry away from this town this summer,
he might not have quite so many problems.
Yeah, and go to the telephone again.
I'll see what it is.
It is Henry.
Time to please hurry.
Hello?
Is this Elm?
303.
It is?
This is long distance.
I have a call from Abbott City, so it's to Henry Aldrich.
Henry Aldrich isn't here right now.
May I ask who the call is from?
Why, it's a party by the name of Drinkwater.
Drinkwater?
Oh, thank you.
Then who was it?
Someone from Abbott City, but the name of Alice.
I know who that was calling him. I know exactly who that was a fellow by the name of drink water
And he's connected with that lone company over an abbot city that hen has been getting lettuce from oh my goodness
Mr. Dehaven are you too busy to wait on me? I guess not Henry. Well, first of the phone call come for me
Yes, two of them
No, they were both from your mother she wants you to get a quart of milk at the groceries and then stop at the cleaners and pick up your father's suit
Oh boy. Oh boy. Just a minute now wrap your father cigars for you. The only trouble is I'm expecting a quote from a girl
And it's coming here to your drugstore. That's right. There's a big mask right over in Abbott City tomorrow night
But you know I'm gonna wear no confederate sold here. What's that? Oh boy? Mr. Heyman. Could I after your phone? It's probably what must be
Come on, is this long distance?
Hello?
Hello, could you worship a bottle of paragord right away?
Hello? Hello?
Hello, Abbott City Mortgage and Loan Company.
May I speak with Mr. Drinkwater, please?
I'm sorry, but Mr. Drinkwater isn't in right now.
Well, could you tell me whether my son has been trying to borrow money or owes you any?
What is the name?
Henry Orrits.
Well, we aren't allowed to give out confidential information, sir.
I know, but he's my son, and he's...
I'm sorry, you'll have to speak to Mr. Drinkwater personally, and he isn't here.
I see. Well, thank you.
Goodbye.
Sam, how much does Henry Odom?
She wouldn't tell me. She said, as a matter of fact, I know what I'll do.
What, Sam?
Now, when Henry comes in, don't say one word about any of this.
You don't think we should?
I got to drive over to Abbott City on some other business in the next few days, anyhow,
and I'll drop in and have a talk with Drinkwater.
Really?
When did I hear Father Sam, it's something you've ever called for.
Henry, when did you get back?
Yes, I was.
Tell us.
Henry, I was simply talking about going over to Abbott City sometimes.
Oh, that's all.
This is strange.
Father, do you have any ideas as to when you might be driving over?
Oh, any time in the next few days.
Well, they have awfully good movies over there sometimes.
Wouldn't you like to take Mother and go over to my night and have a good time instead
of tonight?
Yes, sure.
And I might go along with you.
Well, we'll see. We'll take it over.
But we're there it is.
Henry, will you please walk?
Why don't you want a message?
Well, gee, wouldn't it?
Hey, what's the matter?
Don't think, mother, I just flew into the telephone table.
Well, get up off that floor.
I don't need to. I can talk right down here.
Come on, phone, distance, phone, distance.
Hello, Henry. What did she say?
[Music]
Hi Mr. Johnson. I came in and see if you found that costume for me.
Oh yes, Henry, here it is. This lieutenant uniform is the last confederate outfit I have in the place.
Well, gee, that's exactly what I wanted.
That'll be two dollars.
be two dollars two dollars just for twenty four hours that's right but can you let me have it for
say a dollar or a dollar and a half of if I bring it back like tonight well how would you like to
go as nineteen ninety policemen for a dollar seventy five the only thing is my my girl tried to get me
by phone yesterday and we couldn't get together and I sent her a telegram that I'd be there tonight
as a Confederate soldier and she'd like you just as well as a policeman wouldn't she the only thing
We never met, and I don't want to confuse her.
Can I use your phone a second?
Yeah, help yourself. It's right there.
Hello.
Mr. Johnson, do I get a sword without the two dollars?
The sword's 50 cents extra.
Oh, number three.
I want Elm 787.
Elm 787?
Yes, please.
Mr. Johnson, do I understand correctly if 50 cents left without the sword?
Hello, Sam. I'm on it speaking.
Father, don't you think I have a hat, a sash, a coat, pants, and sword, a dirt chair?
and sort a dirt cheap for two and a half hours.
What's that?
Just for one night.
Who is this?
It's your son, Henry.
I have a chance to go to a costume ball tonight
and generally for two and a half dollars.
Two and a half?
With the sword.
Two dollars without.
Good.
Take it.
Only don't try to get the money from a stranger.
Where will I get it?
From me.
Goodbye.
Well, Taylor, thank you very-- goodbye.
Mr. Johnson, I can take it.
Mr. Johnson, where are you?
Hi, Henry.
How do I look?
Listen, Ed, Carney, what are you doing with that uniform on?
I'm gonna rent it.
Eddie, I'm gonna let it take him.
You have not.
Eddie, give me that.
Now listen, Henry, you take your hands off that.
Now, what are you-- stop pushing me.
Now, wait, boys.
What's the idea?
Mr. Johnson, I want this uniform.
Mr. Johnson, I said I take it.
Well, Henry's right, Ed.
Don't give it to me, Ed.
Henry, for the last time, take your hands off me.
You make me throw in your hair.
Oh, take that.
Now, listen, Henry.
Now, wait, boys.
Let's not have another war over this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(Music)
How do you feel, Henry?
All right.
Here, put this cloth on your other eye.
Boy, did you take a beating, but I got the costume, didn't I?
It's corny, doesn't look so hot either.
Where's the costume? Let me put it on.
It's still down at Mr. Johnson.
After we got through, we said he thought it would look a little better if he gave it a brushing and pressing.
Henry?
Yes, Mother. He has a letter for you.
Are you quite sure you feel real enough to go to that dance tonight there?
Look, I never felt better in my life.
Well, you know this, I suppose.
Homer, why?
Which is the front of the sun, Bo?
You're looking right at it.
I am?
Can me film, do you think I ought to read the letter to you with your eyes feeling the way they do?
Now, Homer, I can read it perfectly all right.
Dear Henry, as long as I know exactly what you're going to look like,
I think it is only fair that you know what I'm going to wear.
And so I'm in closing a photograph of me and my costume.
She was where is it?
Where is it?
There it is, right there.
Oh boy.
Let me see it.
Oh boy, Henry, wait until you see it.
Homer, I got to knock you down too.
Here, take a look at her.
Boy, is that a sight for sore eyes.
She was home with that?
Yeah, Penry, murder, drink water.
Why, no, but she looks like an icicle.
Hey, no, Homer, but look at that face.
a face. Can we do you think that might be a mask that goes with the costume? No,
Homer, it's real. And Ram. Yes, father. You want to be ready to go over with me?
I'm leaving in a few minutes. To Abbott's city? Yes. Well, the only thing is father.
Frankly, I don't think I'll be going to that band. You're not going? Why not? He's
just had some bad news, Mr. Aldrich. Henry, do I hear you say you want going?
Mother, my eyes are sort of tired. I don't think I'd want to go over there and
strain them. Well, I'd actually better get your things on. Sam, I don't think I want
to take that trip either know that i have to go over there and keep that
appointment with
with you go right on over and keep it
mother of anybody phone for me to see me tell them i've gone to bed
area going out tonight no mother of course i'm not i'm a joke where i'm on
the street today with a better cut i haven't
he just left at me well thank me mary i i i i i'm not saying anything more about
it but mother i don't blame mary for feeling the way she does about it
i don't see why anyone wants to wear their hair cut that way i would like to
No, as well, I have a copy idea of doing it.
Alice, are you coming?
No, Sam, you go ahead.
All right.
Go incidentally, I've got a cottage at Lake Paspattu this,
am I?
What's that?
Yes, it's a whiz.
Oh, that is.
Sam, you didn't go inside the lease, did you?
Alice, I thought you wanted to go there.
Yes, someone told me this afternoon
we wouldn't like it there one bit.
Lake Paspattu, mother?
Why in the world do we want to go to that place?
Well, that's what I'd like to know.
They say it's simply fiendish.
I mean--
Well, what I'd like to know is what I'm driving all the way
over to Abbott City alone for.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
May we remind your friends, there's
a best way to do everything, a best way
to build a bridge or make a suit of clothes to bake a cake or even to make a
cup of post them. And the best way to make post them is to follow the directions on
the package because they're tested directions designed to make the most of
that hearty, robust, post-em flavor. They give you a cup of post-em at its
delicious best. So always follow the directions to a swell cup of post-em.
(Music)
Hello? Hello?
Hi Henry, is this you?
Yes, who's this?
Ed Carney, I just want to tell you my father went down and had a talk with Mr. Johnson and I'm going to wear that Confederate uniform after all.
You are? To the mass-grade Navix city?
And you're going to stay.
Or, Siam.
And if you show up, I'll knock your block off.
Well, as a matter of fact, let me give you a tip.
If you get bored, look around for a girl named Muggle Drinkwater.
She's got a femmer bob and boy, she's a wiz.
Listen again next week, same time, same station,
for another sparkling half hour with your favorite youngster,
his family and his pals.
The Ovrich family is written by Clifford Goldsmith.
The original musical score is played by Jack Miller's orchestra, Ben Lutlow conducting.
Your host tonight is Postam, and Postam is one of America's great mealtime drinks.
It's good drinking. Good night.
[Music]